Good morning everybody this is a presentation of Finite Theory and gravitomagnetism that replaces General Relativity at all scales from the solar system scale to the visible Universe to the greater invisible universe.

Here we see the traditional light bending experiment that was done earlier in 1919 this this Century where we see that General Relativity light bending prediction is twice as much as the Newtonian light bending. But I have to say that the General Relativity was already adapted by the perihelion procession in the first place so it's not really a prediction it's already adapted so there's room for a discussion over there already.

The gravitational redshift we see here the a laser bouncing back and forth on the mirror starting at as red is going to blue shift when the elevator goes down in altitude so basically the General Relativity's redshift refutes the special relativity's locality postulate.

Regarding the black holes we see that black holes are either singularity or wormholes in General Relativity so if if there's a black hole collision then we'll end up with another singularity quite simply so that's the prediction the general reality comes with.

Regarding the inflation of the universe General Relativity predicts that the universe inflates like your bread in an oven but also it loses energy so we don't really know what happens to this energy there's a embrace the laws of the conservation of energy right there so you know in general relative relativity just fails at this scale already.

So regarding Finite Theory and and gravitomagnetism I have to start with the measurement units of gravitomagnetism because they're much simpler than what what is written in the textbook. If you simplify the measurement units you end up with the some similarities with the electric and gravitoelectric field which is the standard gravity magnet magnetic and the gravitomagnetic field; where you just add some I call it the KC constant here which converts which is a ratio of the mass and the coulomb that you know that you need to add or you you need to multiply with or divide with to convert one with the other. But it's basically the same measurement units there's no big difference there. 

So regarding the main equation that I use for that I use to convert one with between the other I use the energy density here of a photon where we see the electric field and the gravitomagnetic field here equals to the Plank constant times frequency times n where n compensates to the the density of the energy where the density of the energy really is the frequency or the gravitomagnetic field divided by the gravity permeability and the Plank constant. The electric field and the magnetic field can be can be also decomposed to the KC constant which is the electromagnetic permeability divided by the gravity permeability as the square root of that ratio is what I call the the KC constant and when we decompose that equation here there's also another property in an important property that of a photon that the the electric energy density equals to the magnetic energy density so one equals to to the other so we can we can simply use the middle formula the then at the bottom here that the energy field the electric field is equals to the field times the speed of light or the gravity electric field equals the gravitomagnetic fields times the speed of light so just simple with the simple equation we can deduce a lot of properties of the, you know, the speed of light and here we see in the in the middle bottom here the gravitational redshift.

If we use the the variable speed of light as first postulate post postulated by by Einstein and later he extended by Dicke it's we see that the frequency change of the speed of of a photon is given by the the following formula so it's really a shift of the speed where a photon will always keep be the same speed locally it will always be C regardless so at that point it needs to go faster but it gives gravitomagnetic energy which is the frequency against. It's a transfer of energy from the gravitomagnetic to the from the magnetic field to the gravitomagnetic field so that's why we see a photon losing energy when it comes out losing electromagnetic energy when it comes out of a gravity well it actually gains in speed so it gains gravitomagnetic energy.

Here we see the acceleration of the universe relative relative to what I call a universal core. Universal core is what will create a difference in gravitational potential where the visible universe is rather traveling within. So basically the Hubble constant is basically the Delta Hubble constant is basically the Delta gravitomagnetic field quite simply so it's a change in time a frequency sorry it's a changing frequency that the universe is traveling through within a greater gravitational potential differential like I just said. So it's very simple and again if we want a compute the acceleration of the universe all we have to do is multiply the Hubble constant with the speed of light so remember that when we have a gravitomagnetic field we can get the gravitoelectric field very easily because one equals the other. There's a there's an equivalence in energy density right there. 

So so with that we can compute the Delta acceleration and we can we can solve the distance from the universal core the distance of the visible Universe from the universal core. The results are the following oh yeah the I have to say also that the mass density the volume mass density of the universe equals to the Mass of the University divided by the volume the spherical volume of the universe which is given by solving Mass using using the inside the sphere equation that I'm using in my manuscript you have to take a look at my manuscript so by dividing the mass divided by the volume of a sphere then you can solve you can solve the radius of the universe the minimal and the maximum radius of the universe the speed of the universe the acceleration of the universe that I already mentioned before and the you know the position of the universal core which is which ranges from 7 x 10^24 meters to 1 x 10^24 meters which is a hundred million times sorry the radius of the universe is actually two times ten to the 23 meters which is a hundred and million times less lesser than what what the mainstream says it is so there's a big big direction right there from what the mainstream is teaching us. And it's actually quite precise it's based on the mass density of the universe. So the position of the universal core is actually from 10 to 30 times the size of the universe so we're not very far away from from the universal core.

Regarding the Earth's tides here I'm showing using a software and multiple micro-gal measurements that around the planet that there is a difference with the prediction and the measurements so that means a gravy meter at 3 o'clock in the afternoon will not measure the same thing as a gravity menu at 6 am in the morning because the gravimeter is either perpendicular or aligning with the Sun and the prediction and the residual actually is very proportional to the derivative of the gravity prediction so it's that means that means the residual is a is very consistent with the fact that the gravimeter is either perpendicular or aligned with the Sun so that means there is obviously a either or a true moving superposed gravitational framework so that's that's evidence right there that there there is aether and the light bending here compared with Newton is exactly the same as predicted by General Relativity or twice what Newton predicted predicted for the angle of the light bending.

Regarding the black holes with Finite Theory black holes have a maximum mass density so there's no singularity and when two black holes collide then you'll create a bigger aggregate black hole but it's not going to be another Singularity and this was proven last year that two black holes colliding will gain in mass in size and mass so this is exactly what matches the observation and what Stephen Hawking was predicting was predicting as well so this another another disproof of General Relativity.

Using Finite Theory I'm able to reverse engineer the rotation curve of all pretty much all the galaxies by reverse engineering the rotation curve I'm able to figure the maximum fudge factor that the Galaxy is with it's around 1 x 10^20 the fudge factor is around 1 x 10^20 kilogram per meter. So that's how that's how I'm able to say the maximum mass of the universe can be and with the maximum radius of the universe can be us also. Because the fudge Factor the fudge factor of the Milky Way cannot be greater than the first fighter of the cluster which in turn cannot be greater than the fudge factor of the supercluster which in turn cannot be greater than the fudge factor of the universe so and so on. So this is how I'm able to and you see if it did the rotation curves are very consistent so there's no big mystery here also The Crew moving framework gravitational framework actually says that you have the Stars spinning around the core of the Galaxy but the core also itself is spinning because of its man this match is so great that it's also spinning so this is a postulative of Finite Theory that says that the you know right here we see the time dilation of the rotation curve but he also he also add a spin so the equation is very simple you also had the spin that adds what we've been deducing as dark matter for so long it's just you just add the spin to the galaxy and it fixes it solves that problem.

The expansion of the universe here we see that using the Newton or the dark red is faster at the beginning but is slowing down we're using Finite Theory the time contraction actually speeds up the expansion of the the galaxies so it ends up that the race has been being won by Finite Theory here by by who reaches the greater distance faster because of the time contraction. Again the galaxies the galaxies are expanding faster and faster because of the time contractions so that that removes the need for dark energy right there. So it's it expands really because of the time contraction not dark energy.

The inflation of the universe here is a similar to to General Relativity except that the universe itself is traveling through it difference in gravitational potential so that makes the universe expand because of the time contraction but it also you need to add the gravitational redshift and what we thought that the inflation of the universe were you were losing his energy really is the fact that the visible universe is red shifting is electromagnetic energy and converting it into a gravitomagnetic energy. So it's very simple the universe has a speed which would make sense and the gravitation gravitational redshift makes it apparently losing electromagnetic energy.

So regarding the gravitomagnetic field here's a real abduction that we have been posting before. So it's really a gravitomagnetic beam that induces a gravitoelectric beam that propels Travis Wharton up from the ground and also from that from that abduction scene it was it was said that the trees surrounding the abduction area grew faster then what was a than other places so it's really a contraction in time that speeds up that puts the trees on fast forward and speeds up their growth. So it's by playing with gravity you can play with time dilation and time contraction so you can you can easily accelerate the growth of the trees or slow them down. 

Also using a gravitomagnetic field you can create a force field by stopping any anything from reaching you you can by dilating time you can stop anything even easier being nuclear bombs missiles pretty much everything from crashing on you.

You can create tractor beams to freeze entire vehicles from traveling and you know put them on hold and freeze everything within that within that that that vehicle.

And you can also create blink Drives By Contracting time you can speed up time within an artificial tunnel and you know you can travel faster than the speed of light very easily without breaking the laws of General Relativity. 

So yeah thanks for your time I really appreciate and if you have questions please post them in the comments. Thank you.
